docs/random.md, before:

# `random` API Reference

A seeded, pseudo-random number generator. Each unique seed value will return the same sequence of "random" numbers. Starting seed value is randomized using `Math.random`.

The underlying algorithm is a [linear congruential generator](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linear_congruential_generator) which uses the same paramters as [glibc](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glibc).

## Methods

* [chance](#chance)
* [choice](#choice)
* [getSeed](#getseed)
* [integer](#integer)
* [normal](#normal)
* [range](#range)
* [seed](#seed)
* [shuffle](#shuffle)

### chance
`chance (n)`

Returns `true` if a random normal is less than `n`, otherwise `false`.

Example:
```js
var winner = random.chance(0.5);
// winner = true
```

### choice
`choice (options)`

Returns a randomly selected item from `options`.

Example:
```js
let pick = random.choice(["apple", "banana", "orange"]);
// pick = "banana"
```

### getSeed
`getSeed ()`

Returns the current seed value.

Example:
```js
var n = random.getSeed();
// n = 1000
```

### integer
`integer (max)`

Returns a random integer between `0` and `max`.

Example:
```js
var n = random.integer(100);
// n = 57
```

### normal
`normal ()`

Returns a random, normalized value (between `0` and `1`).

Example:
```js
var n = random.normal();
// n = 0.32
```

### range
`range (min, max, round)`

Returns a random value between `min` and `max`. If `round` is `true`, the return value is rounded.

Example:
```js
var n = random.range(100, 200, true);
// n = 179
```

### seed
`seed (n)`

Sets the current seed value to `n`.

Example:
```js
random.seed(1000);
```

### shuffle
`shuffle (items)`

Shuffles the contents of an array, `items`, using the [Fisher-Yates algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fisher%E2%80%93Yates_shuffle).

Example:
```js
let fruit = ["apple", "banana", "pear"];
random.shuffle(fruit);
// fruit = ["banana", "pear", "apple"]
```

Commit message:

Randomize state when calling random.seed without a numeric value, slight refactoring

docs/random.md, after:

# `random` API Reference

A seeded, pseudo-random number generator. Each unique seed value will return the same sequence of "random" numbers. Starting seed value is randomized using `Math.random`.

The underlying algorithm is a [linear congruential generator](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linear_congruential_generator) which uses the same paramters as [glibc](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glibc).

## Methods

* [chance](#chance)
* [choice](#choice)
* [getSeed](#getseed)
* [integer](#integer)
* [normal](#normal)
* [range](#range)
* [seed](#seed)
* [shuffle](#shuffle)

### chance
`chance (n)`

Returns `true` if a random normal is less than `n`, otherwise `false`.

Example:
```js
var winner = random.chance(0.5);
// winner = true
```

### choice
`choice (options)`

Returns a randomly selected item from `options`.

Example:
```js
let pick = random.choice(["apple", "banana", "orange"]);
// pick = "banana"
```

### getSeed
`getSeed ()`

Returns the current seed value.

Example:
```js
var n = random.getSeed();
// n = 1000
```

### integer
`integer (max)`

Returns a random integer between `0` and `max`.

Example:
```js
var n = random.integer(100);
// n = 57
```

### normal
`normal ()`

Returns a random, normalized value (between `0` and `1`).

Example:
```js
var n = random.normal();
// n = 0.32
```

### range
`range (min, max, round)`

Returns a random value between `min` and `max`. If `round` is `true`, the return value is rounded.

Example:
```js
var n = random.range(100, 200, true);
// n = 179
```

### seed
`seed (n)`

Sets the current seed value to `n`. When `n` is `NaN`, the seed is randomized.

Example:
```js
random.seed(1000);
```

### shuffle
`shuffle (items)`

Shuffles the contents of an array, `items`, using the [Fisher-Yates algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fisher%E2%80%93Yates_shuffle).

Example:
```js
let fruit = ["apple", "banana", "pear"];
random.shuffle(fruit);
// fruit = ["banana", "pear", "apple"]
```
